refactor(builder): Create `sap-ui-version.json` by default (#1453)
SAP/ui5-tooling: internal/documentation/docs/pages/Server.md

## Standard Tasks
As with the UI5 Builder, a set of standard tasks is being executed during a server build. Individual tasks can be included or excluded using the respective CLI options `--include-task` and `--exclude-task`.

::: info Exception

> For the server, task [`generateVersionInfo`](../api/module-@ui5_builder_tasks_generateVersionInfo.md) is not executed because the corresponding middleware [`versionInfo`](#versioninfo) creates the same output file `sap-ui-version.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the server, the [`generateVersionInfo`](../api/module-@ui5_builder_tasks_generateVersionInfo.md) task is not executed, because the corresponding [`versionInfo`](#versioninfo) middleware creates an identical `sap-ui-version.json` output file.
```
